Teach me some sympathy.
No, our people checked his call records,
Among them, it is likely that there is a foreign account,
However, the information was completely damaged.
Let it go and figure out how to hate it.
People who don’t like the information will pay for the data,
Not going now. I lied.
It doesn't matter whether you prepare to fly the message or not. Do what I say after finishing this life.
running towards,
You have to decide whether it's better to have a divorce with me.
It's all me who has caused you trouble, Yan Shi,
Do you really want to feed me?
You are obviously my sister, why do I have any reason to accompany you?
This is the work of my own hands,
You made it with your own hands
It’s worth becoming more and more able to trust and care for others.
Buy you points
I'm tired of having a stomachache
Let me go to the bathroom
Is there Zhang Cheng from abroad?
Call the leader. Whose sister are you?
You called just now
What did I tell you?
Didn't say anything
he heard my voice
That’s it, sister
Not who it is
Zaer phone bar
Give it to Zaer
I'll go crazy for him now, okay?
I'm used to it
Please ask Yansheng for me
Let's see when we can be discharged from the hospital.
Didn't you say you don't want to send letters from far away?
Why are you waiting for me to say anything else?
who called you
Your Majesty is sick again, isn't it you?